Class check update (#2)
mt-support/tribe-ext-limit-week-view-time-range: readme.txt

Donate link: http://m.tri.be/29
Tags: events, calendar
Requires at least: 4.5

> Tested up to: 5.3.2

Reviewer: version

Requires at least: 4.5

> Tested up to: 4.9.6

Reviewer: update to latest WP you tested with

> Requires PHP: 5.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires PHP: 5.6
```

== Changelog ==

= 1.0.1 2020-02-14 =

> * Fixed class check for Settings_Helper in order to make it work next to other extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Add check for `Settings_Helper` class already loaded in order to not conflict with other extensions.
```

== Changelog ==

> = 1.1.0 TBD =

Reviewer: date

> = 1.0.1 2020-02-14 =

Reviewer: date
